feat(cli): add task delete command (#1849)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/commands/task-delete.md

# task delete
```
$ copilot task delete
```

## What does it do?

> `copilot task delete` removes the resources created by a one-off task.

Reviewer: what do you think of this:
```suggestion
`copilot task delete` stops running instances of the task, and deletes associated resources.
```

Generally, the steps involved in `task delete` are:

1. Stop all running instances of the task.
2. Empty the ECR repository for the task.

> 3. Delete the CloudFormation stack, including the ECR repo, log group, and ECS Task Definition.

Reviewer: I think we can remove this info, it seems like it's internal details that we're surfacing to customers

!!!info

>     1. Tasks created with versions of Copilot earlier than v1.2.0 cannot be stopped by `copilot task delete`. Customers using tasks launched with earlier versions should manually stop any running tasks via the ECS console after running the command. 

Reviewer: What was the reason for this?

Author: Previously, the call in `task run` to `ecs.RunTask` did not have the `PropagateTags: aws.String(ecs.PropagateTagsTaskDefinition)` property set so the tasks cannot be reliably identified as Copilot-initiated.

Author: The side effect would be the ability to stop tasks from a one-off task definition not started by copilot.

Reviewer: ooh yeaa gotcha, thanks for the clarification

>     2. If you are using the `--default` flag, you cannot also specify the `--app` or `--env` flags. 

Reviewer: we can remove this I think, they'll get an error when they run the cmd.
